Why did you admit it?
I'm an orphan.
I grew up under your wing.
Having you as my big brother in this life...
It's worth it.
Lin Shen.
The case is solved.
I'm sorry.
The number you dialed...
is not answering at the moment.
The case is solved.
Where are you?
I'm sorry.
The number you dialed...
is not answering at the moment.
Please try again later.
Mom.
Lu Yi.
You're finally back.
Did my dad wake up?
Your dad's been the same this whole time.
Then did Lin Shen come by our place?
Xiao Shen...
She did come.
She checked on your dad.
Then she rushed off.
What's with that kid...
Mom, I gotta go.
Why are you leaving so soon?
When will you be back?
Boss.
Has Lin Shen been here lately?
Lin Shen?
She hasn't been by in a long time.
Lin Shen!
What's wrong? We're on the same side.
What "same side"?
Who says I'm on your side?
This one's with me.
No need to hide it.
You've crossed the line.
From now on, I'm over here.
You're over there.
If it were you...
you'd never abandon a friend, right?
Of course.
As your friend, I'm protecting you.
What kind of friend is that, Lin Shen?
Do I have any friends?
Do you think I have friends?
Aren't I?
Avoid cold drinks for a couple of days.
I don't want to write in the mission report...
that you got hurt because of period cramps.
If you're worried about me,
then just say you're worried about me.
Wake up, Lu Yi.
You're hurt.
Lu Yi.
Don't let go.
Hold tight.
Thank you, Lin Shen.
You saved me once.
Twice.
Why are you so petty?
Lin Shen.
I read that newspaper.
A man who hits women...
deserves to die.
And he still asks you for money?
What gives him the right?
Brother.
I'm telling you,
if you don't deal with this woman,
then for the rest of your life...
you're finished.
Trust your big brother.
People who don't respect life
should all die.
They should return to where life
first began.
I want to kill him.
Is there anything
I can do to help you?
He used the deli as an observation post.
He singled out those living on the margins,
filled with resentment and bitterness.
Liu Ping's cowardice.
Ling Han's low self-esteem.
Cao Feng's greed.
Zeng Lili's despair.
He didn't do it directly.
He used words as a knife,
precisely slicing open
the wounds in their hearts.
Then,
he sprinkled on the salt of hatred.
Lin Shen.
Where on earth are you?
Captain Duan.
You're awake.
How do you feel?
The doctor said
you're just overworked.
Overworked,
and this sudden stress hit you hard,
that's why this happened.
It's nothing serious.
Where's Lin Shen?
Any news?
Not yet.
We've expanded the search area.
Captain Duan.
I want to be discharged.
No, the doctor already said it.
I can't just lie here.
You just got your fever down.
You can't leave.
I have to get back to the station.
I...
I have to go to work.
Captain Duan.
Captain Duan!
You're really stubborn.
You really make people worry.
Boss Hu
Hu Jianjun
is the hidden nexus of all the cases
Everyone's been to his braised food shop
more or less
and had some connection
Also
on the note Lin Shen left
my dad left her
a piece of Morse code
It translates to
left hand
So I'm thinking
maybe my dad realized back then that
the attacker was left-handed
And Hu Jianjun
is a lefty
You mean
the Thirteenth Middle School case
and the recent murders
even Lin Shen's disappearance
are all connected to this guy
Lin Shen has been suspecting him lately
Maybe he already sensed it
So Lin Shen's disappearance
is very likely tied to him
This guy is really sly.
Sister Shen went to his shop
but she didn't find anything
Haozi
Try to recover
from all the victims' phones
the chat app data
I'll go right now
The storm hanging over this city
needs to end
Killing one
is still killing
Killing two
Then when I begged you back then
why didn't you spare me
Hu Jianjun was bullied as a kid
and ran into them again as an adult
Driven by revenge
he brutally killed them
One killing
seemed to unleash his inner demon,
and there was no turning back.
Brother
Stab her
Bright red blood
was like the finest velvet
the most beautiful color I'd ever seen
From then on
he realized doing it himself
was nothing special
So he started trying every trick
to incite others to commit crimes
Turning those with knots in their hearts
into knives in his hand
Hu Jianjun
Lu Yi
Why are you here?
Why am I here?
I looked at your whiteboard
All the clues point
right here
I found this place
so I found you
If I hadn't found this place,
were you planning to
never show up again?
Where have you been these days?
Why were you here all alone?
Do you know how worried I've been?
Do you know
at the Thirteenth Middle School gate
I picked up the little hair tie I gave you
I thought something happened to you
I'm fine
Don't worry
I've been carrying that hair tie
It's just that today
I don't know when I dropped it
My time off was fake.
Lu Yi
I can tell you now
Higher-ups had me investigating a case
This case goes very deep.
But now I
have found key evidence
Take a look at this first
What is this?
Hu Jianjun's trophies
and the answer to all our questions
These clay figurines
Look familiar?
The one missing a finger
is Liu Ping
The one with a slightly swollen belly
is Zhou Shuyu
This one
is Zeng Lili
This is
my dad's wedding ring
This Hu Jianjun
collected all the victims' belongings
and put them in plain sight
admiring them again and again every day
Lu Yi
The person you've always brooded over,
the one in that photo,
is my uncle.
A few years ago
he died in a car accident
but I don't think it was an accident
Your uncle
how is he tied to this case?
Behind this Hu Jianjun
there's a bigger criminal gang
What happened to your dad
my uncle's death
are inextricably linked to him.
Right under my nose
the killer who ruined my dad
and the evidence
were right under my nose
and I didn't notice a thing
But the truth is close now
We'll get justice for your dad
and all the other victims.
We'll make them pay.